the chase is on we're tracking a young
female if the team inches closer bet
Steven Chaney loads the gun low depth
and it's pressurized and it slid it work
so you're putting me in doubt getting
very close now every time we get close
the giraffe move away so that's got to
be difficult even trying it when it
dawned and one event this was tense
stuff jerilyn is gonna be pumping when
they're on yeah I think I think that's
quite worrying as well because know when
you get like really excited about
something and journeys Russia - what do
you get what yeah until get like you
know fundamental things in safety good
yeah
Steven lines up his target
the team hold their breath it's a hit
kickoff everyone Sprint's into action
the giraffe goes down fast there's now
just minutes to give it the antidote
the draft started to stagger all over
the place and now it's falling over and
the vets rushed in to give it the
antidote it's got to have that
straightaway as soon as that antidote to
takes effect it's going to start going
bad it'll start kicking and then we've
got to really hold it down so we can get
it in the back of the truck this is our
first giraffe for Sarah and the tags
going on its ear now
giraffe will come round soon the team
must ready the ropes to control 700
kilos of panicking animal but the wagon
there they just can't even video let's
head down I guess as soon as they
release its head and Jana all hell's
gonna break loose to help it keep calm a
hoods put over its head you mean about
the legs yeah legs a vicious
see when it's getting is getting more
awake all the rains to run the ball they
still know what they're doing move in a
bit Kenz trainees must remember
everything they've been taught as they
steer the giraffe towards the trailer
it's hard in the mouse stuff but believe
it or not the experts agree this is the
only safe way to capture giraffe with
one final effort the giraffes safely
inside I really yeah right so he was so
glad he didn't come our way so glad he
was strong how about give me the name we
should call it Jamie to an obsolete
Jamie has left us now store what's a
service oh hey Kimmy try me
well one down five to go
wait if they're all gonna be that easy
you know that was very good